Clarify self-hosted support & license terms (#11225)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/self-hosted/index.mdx

sidebar_order: 30
---

> In addition to making its source code available publicly, Sentry offers and maintains a minimal setup that works out-of-the-box for simple use cases. This version comes with no guarantees or dedicated support. Sentry engineers will do their best to answer questions and we are dedicated to making self-hosted running but that's where the limit is. For anything more, you are relying on the [Sentry Self-Hosted community](https://discord.gg/sentry) on Discord. The self-hosted repository should serve as a blueprint for how various Sentry services connect for a complete setup. This will be useful for folks willing to maintain larger installations with custom infrastructure.

Reviewer: Finally a link to Discord.

> In addition to making its source code available publicly, Sentry offers and maintains a minimal setup that works out-of-the-box for simple use cases. This version comes with no guarantees or dedicated support. Sentry engineers will do their best to answer questions and we are dedicated to making self-hosted running but that's where the limit is. For anything more, you are relying on the [Sentry Self-Hosted community](https://discord.gg/sentry) on Discord. The self-hosted repository should serve as a blueprint for how various Sentry services connect for a complete setup. This will be useful for folks willing to maintain larger installations with custom infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to making its source code available publicly, Sentry offers and maintains a minimal setup that works out-of-the-box for simple use cases. This version comes with no guarantees or dedicated support. Sentry engineers will do their best to answer questions and are dedicated to making sure self-hosted is running, but that's where our involvement ends. For anything else, we expect users to rely on the [Sentry Self-Hosted community](https://discord.gg/sentry) on Discord. The self-hosted repository should serve as a blueprint for how various Sentry services connect for a complete setup. This will be useful for folks willing to maintain larger installations with custom infrastructure.
```

## Licensing

> Sentry is [Fair Source](https://fair.io/) under the [FSL (Functional Source License)](https://fsl.software/). Note that Fair Source is not under the [OSI](https://opensource.org/) umbrella, it becomes literally open source under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) after 2 years, and is practically open source before that except when you are a Sentry competitor. This license means that users can use Sentry and deploy it anywhere (even inside an enterprise ecosystem), but users are prohibited to sell deployed self-hosted Sentry as any kind of offering (SaaS or any other business model), and users are prohibited to be a direct competitor of Sentry by using Sentry's code that is FSL-licensed. The source code of Sentry and its surrounding service & libraries for self-hosted deployment are open and [available on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/getsentry/repositories?q=has%3Atag-production).

Reviewer: > The source code of Sentry and its surrounding service & libraries for self-hosted deployment are open and [available on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/getsentry/repositories?q=has%3Atag-production).

Although I'd argue that not all repository that are tagged "production" is used by self-hosted, but eh, this is fine.

Author: We can probably tag all related repos with `self-hosted` or something? @hubertdeng123?
